Draft: Rework theme for MuiChip (#1894)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/cool-kiwis-shop.md

---
"@comet/admin-theme": major

> ---

Author: One could also argue that this is not a major change, but since some defining properties (like the height) change, it felt more right to me to merge this into next

Rework theme of MUI's `Chip`

The main changes include:

-   Increase border radius to 12px (from 4px)
-   Medium height of 24px (previously 32px)
-   Small height of 20px (previously 24px)

> -   Default delete icon `Clear` from `@comet/admin-icons`

Reviewer: I don't think all this detail is really necessary for the changelog, just mentioning the Chip's default styling was changed to match the updated Comet CI should be enough imo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rework theme of MUI's `Chip` to match the updated Comet CI
```
